# Lung Cancer Modelisation

## Project Description

The aim of our project is to create a visual awareness compaign for smoke prevention for a young public. We created a code to compare 2 scenarios, 2 youngs but one is sportive, healthy and is in good shape and the other one smokes, has bad habits. Our C code made the calculations for cancer progression in cells using the KPP equation, also kown as Fisher equation. On the other end, our MatLab code plotted the results to model the spatial spreading of cancer cells.

### Input files

We didn't need to implement data from another file, we directly made assumptions of the initial values that were typical values for our cases.  

### Output files

The C code generates 2 CSV files containing numbers of cancer cells at each time steps, we chose each 5 days on a total of 122 days.
Describe the output files generated by the program. (To be generated in "results/".)

### Report

Templates for .tex and .odt formats are provided in "docs/". The formatting can be changed, but the sections should remain the same. The final report should be placed in "docs/" as "report.pdf".

## Running the program

### Dependencies

Describe the operating system, programs (MATLAB/Python/C), version numbers, and external packages that need to be installed to run the program. Canonically, it should run on the SIE Linux VDI, but if you require a different configuration (e.g., more updated MATLAB version) you can state it here.

### Build

Describe how the C program should be compiled (using gcc or mex). The executable or shared object file can be placed in the "bin/" directory.

### Execute

Describe how the program should be executed. Ideally, it will be automated to one line of code in a terminal running Bash (e.g., `matlab -batch src/myscript`), with the outputs generated to "results/".

## Contributors

List the authors of the code.

## Acknowledgments

### Data sources

Describe sources of data here.

### Code

Describe large code contributions not mentioned in the code itself (for small blocks of code or functions, sources can be cited in the code).

- taken from other programs
- generated by LLMs (including documentation) - specify which LLM
